#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\DeclareMathOperator{\Ad}{Ad}
\DeclareMathOperator{\ad}{ad}
\DeclareMathAlphabet{\mathsfit}{\encodingdefault}{\sfdefault}{m}{sl}
\DeclareMathAlphabet{\mathsfb}{\encodingdefault}{\sfdefault}{bx}{n}
\DeclareMathAlphabet{\mathbbb}{U}{bbold}{m}{n}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans cmss
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Current Approaches
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Modern approaches have improved the accuracy of optical flow algorithms,
 as confirmed by performance on the Middlebury dataset.
 These updated approaches often varied the penalty functions, optimization
 schemes, and other aspects in solving 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand eqref
reference "eq:objective"

\end_inset

 all at once.
 Consequently, this has made it difficult to discern which changes significantly
 impacted accuracy.
 Sun et al.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "sun2014quantitative"

\end_inset

 quantitatively analyzed which commonly used techniques truly improved the
 algorithm's accuracy by varying only one part of the algorithm at a time
 and evaluating performance on the Middlebury dataset.
 They independently analyzed the effects of 1) the objective function, and
 2) the optimization method and implementation practices.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sun et al.
 note that the objective function is largely unchanged from 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand eqref
reference "eq:objective"

\end_inset

, used in HS.
 Most modern approaches still combine a data term with a smoothing term.
 However, the quadratic penalty function 
\begin_inset Formula $\rho(x)$
\end_inset

 used in HS is not robust to outliers..
 An alternative penalty function is the Charbonnier penalty, or 
\begin_inset Formula $\rho\left(x\right)=\sqrt{x^{2}+\epsilon^{2}}$
\end_inset

, which is a convex and differentiable variant of the absolute value function
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "bruhn2005lucas"

\end_inset

.
 Indeed, Sun et al.
 find that using a Charbonnier penalty function (with 
\begin_inset Formula $\epsilon=0.001$
\end_inset

) outperforms a quadratic one.
 Furthermore, Sun et al.
 also find that using a slightly non-convex generalized Charbonnier penalty,
 
\begin_inset Formula $\rho\left(x\right)=\left(x^{2}+\epsilon^{2}\right)^{a}$
\end_inset

 (with 
\begin_inset Formula $a=0.45$
\end_inset

), works even better than the regular Charbonnier penalty.
 In these explorations, the regularization parameter 
\begin_inset Formula $\lambda$
\end_inset

 was assigned a fixed value of 
\begin_inset Formula $0.06$
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On the side of optimization methods and implementation practices, modern
 techniques differ more significantly from HS.
 Using modern techniques, even the performance of the original HS objective
 function is competitive with modern formulations.
 To avoid converging to a poor local minimum, these modern optimization
 approaches iteratively refine the optimization problem in the following
 manner: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
When the penalty functions are non-convex, Sun et al.
 suggest using a graduated non-convexity scheme (GNC, 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "blake1987visual,black1996robust"

\end_inset

), which slowly morphs the penalty function from a quadratic (convex) version
 to its final desired non-convex version over several iterations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
At each GNC iteration, it is also common to use a hierarchical, coarse-to-fine
 spatial refinement using a Gaussian pyramid 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "bergen1992hierarchical"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The main advantage of hierarchical refinement is that it enables both large
 and small displacements to be estimated.
 This is due to the fact that in the low-resolution, downsampled version
 of the original image, large displacements are represented by small pixel
 displacments, which existing optimizations can successfully identify.
 Here, the optical flow field is first estimated coarsely using the first
 pyramid level, and then progressively refined by warping second image toward
 the first image at the next pyramid level.
 This process is continued for the entire pyramid.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The implementation details of the hierarchical refinement are of great importanc
e.
 Sun et al.
 find that using bicubic spline-based interpolation to warp at each pyramid
 level is more accurate than using other common forms of interpolation.
 Accuracy is also increased significantly by applying a median filter (window
 size 
\begin_inset Formula $5\times5$
\end_inset

) to the updated flow field computed at each pyramid level after warping
 to remove outliers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sun et al.
 combine the features that improve the accuracy of the optical flow estimation
 the most with respect to HS (a generalized Charbonnier penalty function,
 optimization using a GNC scheme, and hierarchical coarse-to-fine refinement
 with warping using bicubic spline-based interpolation, and median filtering).
 The resulting algorithm is termed Classic++.
 This algorithm, although comparatively simple, performs competitively on
 the Middlebury dataset.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
