#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\DeclareMathOperator{\Ad}{Ad}
\DeclareMathOperator{\ad}{ad}
\DeclareMathAlphabet{\mathsfit}{\encodingdefault}{\sfdefault}{m}{sl}
\DeclareMathAlphabet{\mathsfb}{\encodingdefault}{\sfdefault}{bx}{n}
\DeclareMathAlphabet{\mathbbb}{U}{bbold}{m}{n}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans cmss
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Abstract
The optical flow between a sequence of images can be estimated using a variety
 of techniques.
 Block matching algorithms (BMAs) can be used to quickly find crude estimates
 of the optical flow.
 In contrast, high accuracy can be achieved by iteratively applying methods
 descending from the classical Horn-Schunk algorithm in a coarse-to-fine
 (pyramid-based) scheme.
 A fairly standard practice in such algorithms is to use median filtering
 to smoothen the intermediate flow fields found at each pyramid level.
 More recent approaches replace the median filter with a weighted median
 filter, placing more weight on neighboring pixels which are likely to belong
 to the same object.
 These algorithms tend to be slow however.
 In this paper, we propose a middle ground between BMAs and coarse-to-fine
 algorithms in terms of accuracy and computation time.
 The proposed algorithm applies a weighted median filter to the output of
 a BMA, and uses this coarse flow estimate to initialize a single pass of
 an HS-style algorithm.
 Results on the Middlebury dataset show that this approach achieves a higher
 accuracy than block matching, while being significantly faster than coarse-to-f
ine algorithms.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
