#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\DeclareMathOperator{\Ad}{Ad}
\DeclareMathOperator{\ad}{ad}
\DeclareMathAlphabet{\mathsfit}{\encodingdefault}{\sfdefault}{m}{sl}
\DeclareMathAlphabet{\mathsfb}{\encodingdefault}{\sfdefault}{bx}{n}
\DeclareMathAlphabet{\mathbbb}{U}{bbold}{m}{n}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans cmss
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Subsection
Block matching
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sub:Block-matching"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Block matching algorithms are used to find matching blocks of pixels across
 consecutive frames.
 Similar to optical flow estimation, displacement between the matching blocks
 correspond to motion in the video.
 For consecutive frames 
\begin_inset Formula $I_{1}$
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Formula $I_{2}$
\end_inset

, the displacment of block, 
\begin_inset Formula $B$
\end_inset

, is determined as follows 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
(\hat{u},\hat{v})=\arg\max_{u,v}\sum_{(x,y)\in B}f(I_{2}(x+u,y+v),I(x,y))\label{eq:BMA_eq}
\end{equation}

\end_inset

where 
\begin_inset Formula $(\hat{u},\hat{v})$
\end_inset

 is the estimated motion and 
\begin_inset Formula $f(\cdot)$
\end_inset

 is a similarity measure.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this project, we implement a modified version of (
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:BMA_eq"

\end_inset

).
 Instead of searching all of 
\begin_inset Formula $I_{2}$
\end_inset

 to find a matching block, we restrict possible matches to be within a fixed
 search window.
 In doing so, we constrain the maximum velocity across frames.
 Additionally, we also estimate motion vectors for only non-overlapping
 blocks of pixels across an image and we apply a median filter to smoothen
 the motion vector field.
 For our implementation, we also use normalized correlation for the similarity
 measure.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
