#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\DeclareMathOperator{\Ad}{Ad}
\DeclareMathOperator{\ad}{ad}
\DeclareMathAlphabet{\mathsfit}{\encodingdefault}{\sfdefault}{m}{sl}
\DeclareMathAlphabet{\mathsfb}{\encodingdefault}{\sfdefault}{bx}{n}
\DeclareMathAlphabet{\mathbbb}{U}{bbold}{m}{n}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans cmss
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Optical flow estimation is the task of determining the apparent motion of
 surfaces in a visual scene from a sequence of images.
 Applications of optical flow estimation include video compression, simultaneous
 localization and mapping (SLAM) in robotics, and motion magnification 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "liu2005motion"

\end_inset

.
 Over the years, various approaches to optical flow estimation have been
 developed.
 We will focus on two types: block matching algorithms and coarse-to-fine
 optimization.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Block matching algorithms are frequently applied in video compression.
 The goal of a block matching algorithm is to estimate the displacement
 of a (usually rectangular) region of pixels between two subsequent images.
 Blocks that match between subsequent images can be found by comparing e.g.
 the sum of squared differences in intensity between blocks in the two images.
 The main reason that BMAs are popular in video compression is their high
 efficiency compared to other methods.
 However, the resulting optical flow fields are not very accurate.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On the other side of the optical flow estimation spectrum, the most accurate
 algorithms typically employ a differential or variational optimization
 method derived from the classical Lucas-Kanade 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "lucas1981iterative"

\end_inset

 and Horn-Schunk (HS) 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "horn1981determining"

\end_inset

 algorithms.
 To allow these algorithms to estimate large as well as small motions, modern
 approaches employ coarse-to-fine optimization.
 In coarse-to-fine optimization, the differential method is first run on
 the coarsest level of a Gaussian image pyramid, resulting in a rough, intermedi
ate flow field.
 This intermediate flow field is then supersampled and used to initialize
 differential optimization at the next finer pyramid level, and so on continuing
 down the pyramid.
 The coarse-to-fine optimization technique tends to make these methods fairly
 slow.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A key recent improvement in coarse-to-fine optimization methods is the use
 of a (weighted) median filter to smooth the intermediate flow fields at
 each pyramid level 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "wedel2009improved,sun2014quantitative"

\end_inset

.
 In weighted median filtering, a weight is assigned to each pixel in some
 neighborhood of a pixel under consideration, and the output is computed
 as the 50% weighted percentile among the neighborhood.
 Current approaches determine the weights using heuristics based on e.g.
 similarity in pixel intensity and distance to the neighboring pixel 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "sun2014quantitative"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this paper, we propose a middle ground between the speed of block matching
 algorithms and the accuracy of coarse-to-fine optimization.
 The proposed algorithm uses a filtered version of the crude flow field
 from the BMA to initialize a single pass of a differential (HS-type) method.
 Filtering of the BMA flow field is done using a weighted median filter.
 We compare the computation time and accuracy of 1) a standard block matching
 algorithm, 2) a representative coarse-to-fine optimization technique, and
 3) our proposed algorithm with weighted and unweighted median filtering
 on the standard Middlebury dataset 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "baker2011database"

\end_inset

.
 We find that the proposed algorithm performs significantly better than
 standard block matching in terms of accuracy, while being much faster than
 the coarse-to-fine method.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The remainder of this paper is structured as follows.
 Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:Related-work"

\end_inset

 discusses related work and introduces notation used throughout the paper.
 Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:Proposed-algorithm"

\end_inset

 describes the proposed algorithm.
 The evaluation method is presented in Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:Evaluation-method"

\end_inset

, followed by results in Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:Results"

\end_inset

.
 We discuss the results in Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:Discussion"

\end_inset

 and conclude the paper in Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:Conclusion"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
